incredibly fast push off just a little
bit here for you feel cooperate yes sir
Kant Lisp how you would keep your
falconry bird exercise and ready to hunt
but in our case it allows us to show
some their speed agility and skill now
today he hasn't been up 100% to speed
and I attribute a lot of that to the
weather just like people need to come
out stick it outside and see how cloudy
it is you know don't really feel like
doing much but starting to see blue sky
maybe he'll get all excited shaking
those feathers that's a good sign that
means he's happy in getting into it that
any of them it's all attached to those
feet one way or another but what I want
to do close we present this program sky
keys all over schools restaurants
festivals fun freedom in the life you
can find us on the web Sky King spout
very calm or just sky Kings on Facebook
you like well let me ask did you enjoy
seeing the birds thank you so much I'll
be right here if you want extra
information ask led and so the Spanish
explorers saw it and they said that's
the Falcon basically the lead colored
Falcon Lamott oh yes
because he has to grab onto his food you
do as a matter of fact I have several
permits have a federal permit and a
state permit for education purposes to
have these birds I have my federal valve
opens and Hawks to chase away nuisance
birds what is well now the way I'm never
going to forget about the culture or the
hawk that didn't listen to me or the way
the owl was ignoring me or those sort of
things you know they stick in people's
heads better so if I can deliver the
information same time you know the
edutainment is a word that we use a lot
you know education entertainment and so
that's basically we do is the
presentations of Education in and we
also give a permanent home to
non-releasable birds like those vultures
it's that's also sort of a side so
hopefully by you know